So now we're gonna be doing an exercise
adding parallel states into our machine.
Just like we showed in the diagram
right over here, we are gonna
be splitting up our entire media state
machine into two separate regions.
We have the player region and
the volume region.
And so all of our loading and
ready states,
those are going to go
inside the player region.
And then these two states,
unmuted and muted,
are going to go inside the volume region.
So make sure that inside your volume
region you're giving it in initial state
and you could have it be unmuted because
I mean you want to listen to the song.
So unmuted makes sense, and
you want to move this initial
loading transition into
that new player region.
Go ahead and refactor this day chart.
So it has those two player
in volume parallel regions.
And let's see how it goes.